this is something that I think this is
an interesting fight just because it's
different than any other fight that's
come before it but this is something
that's painted on the wall at Conor
McGregor's gym he had now I guess that's
you being punched hard in the face by
him mm-hmm
did you guys pose for this or was this
just I guess is something that they just
made up some they made up do you think
they're gonna paint over that when it
goes as we everyone seems to think it's
gonna go I'm pretty sure yeah you should
buy that gym from him and knock it down
with a wrecking ball we can do that tell
me something you get it here you can
potentially make how much money could
you reasonably walk out of this fight
with three hundred and fifty million
three hundred fifty million dollars you
love I know you love you love money
right I mean yeah how did you get the
nickname money did you name yourself
money or was somebody else they just are
calling me they just started calling you
always have a lot of money with you a
little bit yeah I have a picture of this
is from Instagram you're on a looks like
a private plane and just with a whole
dime up private your private plane sorry
with a whole lot of money and it looks
like a couple of bowls of ketchup maybe
also oh those are couples it okay sorry
I don't have a private plane but what do
you do with all this this money I mean
like use it I mean he's using the cash
and you know cash is king do you have an
ATM card I'm the I'm the human nature
how do you even get this much money what
do you do work hard I hope like do you
go to the bank and say I need all of it
I want all of the money in your bank
that's not what she's doing order it you
can order it oh you can't and when you
order a certain amount when you order
millions of dollars a Brinks truck comes
to your help your home Wow
yes why not just drive around in one of
those things at one particular time I
had a breach truck you did I sold
would you sell that to another guy who
love money another guy Wow
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen forever